Break up shared Continue-As-New & Data Converter pages (#832)
temporalio/documentation: docs/content/what-is-continue-as-new.md

---
id: what-is-continue-as-new
title: What is Continue As New
sidebar_label: Continue As New
description: Continue-As-New is the mechanism by which all relevant state is passed to a new Workflow Execution with a fresh Event History.
tags:
  - explanation
  - continue-as-new
---

> Continue-As-New is the mechanism by which all relevant state is passed to a new Workflow Execution with a fresh Event History.
> 
> The reason why this exists is to prevent a Workflow Execution Event History from becoming too large.
> As a precautionary measure, the Temporal Platform limits Event Histories to 50,000 and will warn you every 10,000 Events.

Author: ```suggestion
Continue-As-New is a mechanism by which the latest relevant state is passed to a new Workflow Execution, with a fresh Event History.

As a precautionary measure, the Temporal Platform limits Event History to 50,000 Events, and will warn you every 10,000 Events.
To prevent a Workflow Execution Event History from exceeding this limit and failing, use Continue-As-New to start a new Workflow Execution with a fresh Event History.
```
Per @aarohib

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion:
"Continue-As-New is a mechanism by which the latest relevant state is passed to a new Workflow Execution, with a fresh Event History. 
As a precautionary measure, the Temporal Platform limits Event History to 50,000 Events, and will warn you every 10,000 Events. To prevent a Workflow Execution Event History from exceeding this limit and failing, use Continue-As-New to start a new Workflow Execution instance with a fresh Event History."

All values passed to a Workflow Execution through parameters or returned through a result value are recorded into the Event History.
A Temporal Cluster stores the full Event History of a Workflow Execution for duration of a Namespace's retention period.
A Workflow Execution that periodically executes a large number of Activities has the potential of hitting the size limit.

> A very large Event History can adversely performance of a Workflow Execution.

Reviewer: "A large Event History can adversely **affect** performance of a Workflow Execution."

For example, in the case of a Workflow Worker failure, the full Event History must be pulled from the Temporal Cluster and given to another Worker via a Workflow Task.
If the Event history is very large, it may take some time to load it.

> The Continue-As-New feature enables developers to complete the current Workflow Execution and start a new one atomically.

Reviewer: "...and start a new one **_automatically_**" (?)

Author: "atomically" means all in one transaction.
